Copyright (C) 2013 Julian Marchant <onpon4@lavabit.com>

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

========================================================================

Implementation-Specific Information
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This implementation supports hardware rendering, which can improve
performance in some cases.  It is not enabled by default.  To enable it,
set ``sge.hardware_rendering`` to True.  To get the best performance
with hardware rendering, you should use colorkeys instead of alpha
transparency.

Since Pygame supports trackballs, they are implemented as extra analog
sticks.  Their movement is limited to the range of an analog stick to
ensure full compatibility.  You can disable this limitation by setting
``sge.real_trackballs`` to True.

sge.Sprite supports the following image formats:
    PNG
    JPEG
    Non-animated GIF
    BMP
    PCX
    Uncompressed Truevision TGA
    TIFF
    ILBM
    Netpbm
    X Pixmap

sge.Sound supports the following audio formats:
    Uncompressed WAV
    Ogg Vorbis

sge.Music supports the following audio formats:
    Ogg Vorbis
    MP3 (support limited; use not recommended)
    MOD
    XM
    MIDI

For starting position in MOD files, the pattern order number is used
instead of the number of milliseconds.

If Pygame is built without full image support, sge.Sprite will only
support uncompressed BMP images.  In addition, the pygame.mixer module,
which is used for audio playback, is optional and depends on SDL_mixer;
if pygame.mixer is unavailable, sounds and music will not play.  If you
encounter problems with loading images or playing sounds, check your
build of Pygame.

On some systems, the game will crash if sge.Music attempts to load an
unsupported format.  Since MP3's support is limited, it is best to avoid
using it; consider using Ogg instead.

sge.Sprite.draw_line supports anti-aliasing for lines with a thickness
of 1 only.  sge.Sprite.draw_text supports anti-aliasing in all cases.
No other drawing functions support anti-aliasing.

